<ul>
  <li><b>MercuriChat/</b></li>
  <ul>
    <li>config.ru</li>
    <li>faye.ru</li>
    <li>Gemfile</li>
    <li>Gemfile.lock</li>  
    <li><b>app/</b></li>
    <ul>
      <li><b>assets/</b></li>
      <ul>
        <li><b>javascripts/</b></li>
        <ul>
          <li>application.js</li>
          <li>dashboard.js</li>
          <li>websockets.js</li>
        </ul>
        <li><b>stylesheets/</b></li>
        <ul>
          <li>application.css</li>
          <li>index.css</li>
          <li>sign_in.css</li>
        </ul>
      </ul>
      <li><b>controllers/</b></li>
      <ul>
        <li>application_controller.rb</li>
        <li>users_controller.rb</li>
        <li>chat_controller.rb</li>
      </ul>
      <li><b>mailers/</b></li>
      <ul>
        <li>application_mailer.rb</li>
        <li>user_mailer.rb</li>
      </ul>
      <li><b>models/</b></li>
      <ul>
        <li>chat.rb</li>
        <li>user.rb</li>
      </ul>
      <li><b>views/</b></li>
      <ul>
        <li><b>chat/</b></li>
        <ul>
          <li>_header.html.erb</li>
          <li>dashboard.html.erb</li>
          <li>index.html.erb</li>
        </ul>
        <li><b>layouts/</b></li>
        <ul>
          <li>application.html.erb</li>
        </ul>
        <li><b>user_mailer/</b></li>
        <ul>
          <li>welcome_email.html.erb</li>
          <li>welcome_email.text.erb</li>
        </ul>
        <li><b>users/</b></li>
        <ul>
          <li>_form.html.erb</li>
          <li>about.html.erb</li>
          <li>index.html.erb</li>
          <li>indexnot.html.erb **(for debugging)**</li> 
          <li>show.html.erb</li>
          <li>sign-in.html.erb</li>
          <li>sign_in.html.erb</li>
          <li>team.html.erb</li>
        </ul>
      </ul>
    </ul>
    <li><b>config/</b></li>
    <ul>
      <li>application.rb</li>
      <li>routes.rb</li>
      <li><b>environments/</b></li>
      <ul>
        <li>development.rb</li>
      </ul>
      <li><b>initializers/</b></li>
      <ul>
        <li>assets.rb</li>
      </ul>
    </ul>
    <li><b>db/</b></li>
    <ul>
      <li>schema.rb</li>
      <li><b>migrate/</b></li>
      <ul>
        <li>20160321200213_create_users.rb</li>
        <li>20160412080749_create_chats.rb</li>
      </ul>
    </ul>
    <li><b>rack_middleware/</b></li>
    <ul>
      <li>dashboard_controller.rb</li>
      <li>dbc.rb</li>
    </ul>
    <li><b>vendor/</b></li>
    <ul>
      <li><b>assets/</b></li>
      <ul>
        <li><b>javascripts/</b></li>
        <li><b>stylesheets/</b></li>
      </ul>
    </ul>
  </ul>
</ul>


*****

# Description of Modified Directories and Files:
Under the main directory, *Gemfile* is the file we use to download different gems (or packages); these installations are represented in *Gemfile.lock*. Both *config.ru* and *faye.ru* were modified to support the Thin server and Faye. 

## app/assets
Under **/javascripts** and **/stylesheets**, we have our unique Javascript and CSS for the webpage. 
<ul>
  <li><i>javascripts/websockets.js:</i> specifies functions for WebSockets events.</li>
  <li><i>javascripts/dashboard.js:</i> specifies functions for the general chat page.</li>
  <li><i>stylesheets/index.css:</i> specifies general styles for our website.</li>
</ul>

## app/controllers
There are three files under this directory: application_controller.rb, chat_controller.rb, and users_controller.rb. *chat_controller.rb* identifies the users in the chatroom at the time. *users_controller.rb* holds functions for:
<ol>
  <li>registering (and creating) new users,</li>
  <li>delivering a confirmation email to registered users,</li>
  <li>updating the user information,</li>
  <li>deleting the user account,</li>
  <li>signing into the chat, and</li>
  <li>checking the sign-in information.</li>
</ol>

## app/mailers
The files in this directory allows confirmation emails to be sent to a registered user.

## app/models
*chat.rb* creates an association between the chat and user. *user.rb* defines the password specificities.

## app/views/chat
<ul>
  <li><i>index.html.erb</i> was our prototype of the chat dashboard.</li>
  <ul>
    <li>We now call to <i>dashboard.html.erb</i> for access.</li>
    <li><b>NOTE:</b> This will be modified so each user has their own dashboard.</li>
  </ul>
</ul>

## app/views/layouts
<ul>
  <li><i>application.html.erb</i> was modified when we first attempted to integrate Bootstrap into the Rails environment.</li>
  <li>Both <i>mailer.html.erb</i> and <i>mailer.text.erb</i> were generated by Rails.</li>
</ul>

## app/views/user_mailer
*welcome_email.html.erb* and *welcome_email.text.erb* both have the content that gets sent to a user after they have registered in MercuriChat.

## app/views/users
<ul>
  <li><i>_form.html.erb</i> contains the registration form in "Get Started".</li>
  <li><i>about.html.erb</i> is currently blank.<li>
  <ul>
    <li>It will contain information about MercuriChat.</li>
  </ul>
  <li><i>index.html.erb</i> is the main page of MercuriChat.</li>
  <ul>
    <li> We currently have this routed as the root of our application.</li>
  </ul>
  <li><i>indexnot.html.erb</i> was created for debugging purposes.</li>
  <li><i>show.html.erb</i> is currently being used as the user's profile page.</li>
  <ul>
    <li>We are working on having separate pages for:</li>
    <ul>
      <li>editing your profile page, and</li>
      <li>viewing others' profiles.</li>
    </ul>
  </ul>
  <li><i>sign-in.html.erb</i> was our prototype sign-in page.</li>
  <ul>
    <li><b>NOTE:</b> This will be removed in the production version.</li>
  </ul>
  <li><i>sign_in.html.erb</i> is the page that allows registered users to sign in, and access the chat application.</li>
  <li><i>team.html.erb</i> is currently blank.</li>
  <ul>
    <li>In the future, it may contain information about the developers.</li>
  </ul>
</ul>

*****

## config/
Under this directory, we modified *application.rb* and *routes.rb*. 
* *application.rb* configures WebSockes on Rails and configures Action Mailer.
* *routes.rb* defines paths to different parts of the application.

## config/environments
*development.rb* primarily configures Action Mailer and assets.rb.

## config/initializers
*assets.rb* precompiles the scripts and stylesheets under /app/assets.

**NOTE:** Remove *devise.rb* and *high_voltage.rb* under this directory at some point.

*****

## db/
Under this directory, *schema.rb* defines the data for the table "users". This includes:
<ol>
  <li>first name,</li>
  <li>last name,</li>
  <li>email,</li>
  <li>password hash,</li>
  <li>password salt,</li>
  <li>password,</li>
  <li>time created, and</li>
  <li>time updated.</li>
</ol>

This file also creates a new table, "chats", and it also contains the time created and the time updated.

## db/migrate
* *20160321200213_create_users.rb* defines **change()**, which creates the "users" table described in *schema.rb*.
* *20160412080749_create_chats.rb* defines **change()**, which creates the "chats" table described in *schema.rb*.

*****

## rack_middleware/
*dashboard_controller.rb* contains the class, Websocket. It:
* defines and initializes the application;
* listens for a connection attempt;
* creates a new WebSocket once a request has been found;
* creates a string of the user's name and their sent data,
* for each user in that chatroom, the socket broadcasts that string;
* handles connection when it closes; and
* decrypts session cookies.

*dbc.rb* has similar content.

*****

## vendor/
Under this directory, we have assets/. All the directories and files under /assets are Bootstrap files.
